There are three main mechanisms responsible for the 
x-ray emission, each with different characteristics 
on the spectrum \citep{riley2021warm, 
giulietti1998x}. The first is free-free emission, 
originating from scattering of free electrons with 
ions in the plasma. This generates Bremsstrahlung and 
gives a smooth emission spectrum with intensities 
decreasing for increasing photon frequency. As this 
emission depends on average ionization, it is 
strongest for high Z materials. The second is 
recombination, in which free electrons recombine with 
ions and radiate a photon. This also results in a 
continuous spectrum with a minimum photon energy 
called the recombination edge. These edges also 
result in jumps in the spectrum corresponding to 
recombination stages. The third is line emission, 
occurring for transitions of bound electrons between 
states. This is the strongest source of x-ray 
radiation, but is also discrete. In the experiment, 
different backlighter materials will be tested at 
varying laser energies, including teflon (PTFE), 
gold, and four rare earth elements, samarium, 
gadolinium, terbium, and dysprosium. In addition, 
aluminum will be used to calibrate the energies of 
the spectrometers using the He$\alpha$ emission line. 
To note is that for absorption spectroscopy, a 
quasi-continuous 
backlighter spectrum is preferred, as it makes the 
source spectrum easier correct for when determining 
the absorption coefficient. But this brings with it 
the disadvantage of comparatively low intensities, 
hence the high-Z elements will be tested, which have 
high numbers of line emissions from ion transitions 
in the \si{\kilo\electronvolt} range 
\citep{riley2021warm}. 